[Music]
welcome back to let's play atlear sophie
my name is karsten
now it's been a few days i had to work
so trying to remember what we needed to
do
if we go down to events
we need to think up the red recipe for
stall metal now
if we look under recipe ideas
let's see need to sell
300 g worth of stuff which is
kind of annoying considering the low
prices everything is
and this needs a certain attack skill
that we have this
[Music]
from a uni bag
you need to perform synthesis and use
items to think up stall metal
[Music]
well let's perform some synthesis what
should i make
let's make another uni bag
[Music]
let's see that one uses that
well let's go ahead and use
some of this and
what can be put down there that would
have a big effect
that does night crystal hmm
[Music]
[Applause]
kind of tempting but
let's see if i can get something else
down there
that gets very close
[Music]
nothing else really
just gonna try using some of these
[Music]
okay then let's start
let's put that in
and
[Music]
this is going well yeah this is going
great
and that and
[Music]
is this really okay okay good that
actually gets
physical damage medium bursts and
sticking thorns
yeah let's do that
what traits should i add continuous
damage
or size increases
and cost increases i'll just do carry
seat yeah
this is all done
let's see what else can we make
[Music]
i don't know if i should make that just
because i don't know
if it'll end up being better than what i
have now
[Music]
um i think i've ended up
making just about everything else i can
at least
one of
[Music]
so let's go ahead and equip you
can any of you guys holding any bag that
you can
but can you yeah
all right let's go ahead and just
instead of the lightning bomb go ahead
and have the uni bag
[Music]
and that's night time let's go ahead and
check
the cafe for any requests
which request will you accept and fight
some of these
i'm not sure about those
um welcome
let's check the rumors
get more of that
welcome which request will you accept
[Music]
we'll go ahead and take on these i
shouldn't really have any trouble oh
what the heck we'll grab the other which
request will you accept
worse that happens as i die which in
this game is
not all that big a deal
all right where to oh that's right we
have new areas too
so let's see that request wants us to go
there's some in the farm in there
prospector strand let's go there
[Music]
we'll hit the farm on the way back if
we're doing reasonably well
so what we need to do is we need to find
those all arounds or whatever they are
and they might only show up at night of
course
which would be kind of annoying
just grabbing a few materials as we go
a really bad feeling i should be careful
okay
uh wait is that one of the things
they're supposed to fight
i think it may be like we usually do i
think so
no that's a white route
all right well let's still use
[Music]
that only hits one of them i'll use this
one up
[Music]
let's focus on that one
see if we can
[Music]
here i go i'll go
okay that's not too bad
let's focus on the one that has a
warning
[Music]
got that one taken care of
yay we won all right that wasn't too bad
that's not what i'm looking for i think
[Music]
i need it to be night probably
[Applause]
[Music]
i don't think you're what i need let us
begin
now you're not what i need
but i'm gonna take you out anyway
[Music]
how's this done already
that was up well they're not too much of
a problem here at least
all right now now that it's night
can we please have whatever it is that
i'm supposed to fight here
[Music]
i'm not seeing
another one of those plant things
ah there it is come here
okay whoa they look pretty tough
okay so nothing held back here
that does hit all of them
does have large ice damage so we'll
start out with that
[Music]
um we'll have you
go ahead and bomb all of them
you will of course braveheart everyone
and we'll sword
looks like sword will hit all of them so
let's do that and save the mp
this item is really effective
[Music]
eat this
this is a
[Music]
well that was easier than expected i can
apply this experience to the future
i become stronger for the plants the
path ahead
is still long
[Music]
all right got that done got
some stall metal now
where we can synthesize stall metal i'm
gonna beat you up
okay hey they look pretty strong
[Music]
i'll go ahead and use that mini bag
everyone use skills
[Music]
that did really hurt
[Applause]
[Music]
here i go
how's this
hardly put up a fight yeah but they took
like half our hit points
[Music]
strong bone all right i'll take it
grab a couple more things here
[Music]
this area does have an out right yeah
i'm not sure i should go up against mr
wolf
over there right now though
[Music]
yeah i think i will just head out to the
world map
what's our destination uh we'll go ahead
and stop in here on the way back we
should be able to take out one or two of
those guys
without too much trouble
[Music]
for the other request
don't let your guard down we'll get
through this
now you skill let's
do an aura break
[Music]
yeah that was pretty easy
now let's have her use i think i think
sophie still has a skill that i haven't
used yet
or at least not recently or a field
[Music]
here i got
and let's see skills
let's and you can't do anything else
right now
uh let's still have you defend
[Music]
so i can make sure her skill gets off
yay we won
[Music]
apparently none of those skills were the
ones to trigger that idea
but i got that request done
so now let's head back to town and turn
those in
and see what we need to do for stall
metal what's our destination
then we'll have to head up here at some
point to check out the wood cabin
[Music]
sophie are you home sir julio
what is it there's something i wanted to
try out in battle
try out that's right
you can now use special support from now
on you can use multi support without
consuming the chain link
would you like to view information yes i
would
special support is the most powerful
support action usable when three or more
allies are in the same stance
[Music]
when three or more allies complete their
actions in the same stance and fulfill
the conditions it will activate
[Music]
[Applause]
filling the offense stance conditions
activates a powerful chain attack
special attack fulfilling defense
conditions activates powerful
cooperative guards special guard
each special support ability is
extremely powerful however in exchange
it consumes a large amount of the chain
link gauge
it may be wise at times to keep allies
in different stances until the right
time comes to use it
i was thinking about this what do you
think i think it's great
if we all work together we'd be able to
face even stronger monsters
that's good then maybe we should test it
the next time we encounter monsters
[Music]
yes
oh do i have a guest yes i'll be right
there
[Music]
wait harold what's wrong i came to check
you out later
huh my atlear why you came to my shop
and talked about
how i have no customers the other day
that was pretty offensive
since you were talking like that i
figured your atlear would have a lot of
customers
and i came to check
well i guess you i don't even have to
ask but how many customers are you
getting sophie
[Music]
i can answer for her i think it would be
accurate to say that she hardly gets any
customers
why are you telling him the truth
there's no need to be stubborn and
prideful about this you must admit the
truth sophie
but but that book
is talking oh
right um harold that book is named
pluckta
and
[Music]
something like that is possible yeah i
was surprised at first too
there really are some strange things in
this world
wait are you leaving you can stay and
relax a little longer
no i'm going home i'm tired i see
see you again harold
oh right i had something to tell you
what is it get to work
you need more customers
harold's so mean
[Music]
he's uh oh it is a weapon material and a
metal
[Music]
okay done writing so
can you remember anything
[Music]
yes i remember my gender
huh your gender but we already know that
although you're really serious and
strict
so maybe you're actually a boy you
didn't let us call you miss too
[Music]
i'm a girl yeah that's what i thought
but you're sure right i've had enough
i'm leaving ah wait i'm sorry plocta
i know you're a girl i was just joking
around
not funny
i'm sorry but you really are a girl
i wonder what kind of personality you
had
i can't even imagine i can't remember
the details but
i imagine i was still serious and strict
like a boy
just like i am now you're still holding
it against me
hey plopta let's say you were able to
turn back into a human
this conversation again i told you
before
that it simply isn't feasible it's just
a what if
if you were able to turn back into a
person we should go have fun together
you could have tea and chat and go
shopping
we could go to all kinds of places and
have fun
[Applause]
i see that may be nice
if i was able to turn back into a human
that is if you're okay being with
someone who's like a boy
you're still bringing that up i said i'm
sorry about it
well if that time was to come i look
forward to it sophie
and we learned another gathering point
[Music]
and what do we have next
hmm still haven't gotten this one
we need to make another cloth though
and this slaying monsters and crafting
weapons
[Music]
okay uh let's actually
turn in you know what let's walk there
see if we get any cut scenes along the
way
[Music]
turn in those requests
it is a little early in the morning but
hello sir julio hello sophie what are
you doing here
i'm a knight affiliated with the church
one of my jobs is to guard churches
i didn't know that wait then is it
really okay for you to leave town with
us
yes there's no need to worry there's
someone else who guards the church here
as well
besides leaving town with you allows me
to survey the area
that's also part of my duties so there's
no issue at all
well that's good i usually spend my time
guarding the church so if you need
anything from me come here
i'll lend you my strength whenever
possible okay i will
thank you
oh well hello
pamela ah sophie welcome
everyone i'm sorry but could you play
over there for a little while
they all look really lively they're
still growing children
so they're full of energy that's great
it might be fun if i could play with him
too
you'd be welcome anytime sophie you can
play with them as much as you want
really yay but it really does seem
troublesome
you have to take care of all those kids
alone it's not troublesome at all
this is a nursery it's only natural also
they're well behaved and they even help
me sometimes
wow they're all good kids it's like
you're their mom
you're making me blush
oh no pamela look
[Music]
dear those kids were all trying to run
out of the plaza
i knew it that's what it looked like
they're all such nutty children hey
don't run too
too far i'm sorry sophie i'll see you
again
i guess it's not all fun and games
trying to look after the kids
okay no cutscene from you
any cutscene in here while i'm right
here
it doesn't look like it is it down this
way
now that's the edge of town
this way is the street
no it's raining how nice
ah sophie there's something i wanted to
ask you what is it cory
you said before you travel outside of
town are you still doing that
yeah i am i see what about it
i want to go outside too wait why all of
a sudden
if i go outside i'm sure i could find
all kinds of things and widen my stores
merchandise
i see i think it would be better to sell
items that you need to go outside for
rather than things you can obtain in
town
that's true you're really bright cory
so could you take me with you
[Music]
yeah you're more than welcome i'd feel
better traveling with more people too
that's good thank you very much i look
forward to traveling with you
yeah me too
[Music]
canaria joined your party
now i have four allies
only up to three allies can participate
in battle you can set the characters in
positions
where they deploy through formation in
the main menu
characters set in the front and
formation are more likely to be attacked
by enemies
be aware of this when choosing where to
deploy your characters
okay
uh so
put him there uh let's
swap out there
and let's check her status
effector covers hp
physical damage increase effective items
against enemy
passive skill reduces chance to be
affected by status ailments
and success rate of run increases
[Music]
so she has a passive none of the others
have passive that's actually kind of
neat
that would have been neater if they all
had some kind of special passive ability
all right what do you have to say
[Music]
is something wrong you look like you're
spacing out
oh i was just thinking about how pretty
your clothes are leon
that's all that should be obvious the
clothes that i make after all
wow you're really confident of course i
am you can't run a shop if you don't
have confidence in your own goods
you make use of all your skills to
create the best goods possible for your
customers
that's the pride of an artisan
you're so cool oh really well it's not a
bad feeling when you say that
yeah who exactly are you anyway
huh what do you mean by that i mean
you're able to make way prettier clothes
than any other shop in town
are you actually a really famous or
amazing person leon
an amazing person huh i don't know what
qualifies someone to be called amazing
but i'm myself
i'm just the wandering beauty and
clothier leon nothing more nothing less
[Music]
you just called yourself a beauty what's
so wrong about that
i'm pretty confident in my looks i never
said it was wrong
i think you're really beautiful too oh
that's good then anyway enough talk
about me
feel free to come visit my shop anytime
[Music]
and let's see let's go back in here and
turn in those requests
welcome thank you for coming sophie
which request will you accept
okay well let's turn on some of these
too so i got a ton of them
[Music]
there we go thank you very much
[Applause]
16 of these we can turn in some of these
[Music]
and some of these
only have one strong bone so
thank you very much
report that and that
turn in this
um
[Music]
all right thank you very much
here is your payment
three vouchers whatever that means thank
you which request
welcome thank you which request will you
accept that
location don't know so welcome
definitely won't pick that one up
[Music]
i won't bother with any of those right
now
thank you very much um meisterhorse
what's this coupon it's a voucher for
goods
you receive them when you complete
specific requests i
see what kind of stuff can it be
exchanged for
i've left management of the vouchers to
test so please ask her for details i'm
sure she has some fine items
i understand thank you
well that's interesting
tess oh sophie what is it
i wanted to ask about these vouchers
ah so you've started getting those
vouchers too
yes i received it from meister horst i
see
looks like it's my turn now if you
gather enough vouchers
you can trade them for various items
that i'm managing
better items require more vouchers work
hard to get lots of them okay
okay i understand i'll do my best
you can exchange vouchers for items at
tess's shop receive vouchers by
completing group requests as well as
certain other requests
i've got new stuff in stock feel free to
trade for them
and let's see
how many do i have three up in the
corner there okay
and just some generic things here
[Music]
that doesn't look too bad
that's 20 vouchers it's an interesting
shape on that item and that size there
[Music]
okay won't bother trading any right now
but good to know about
now let's see let's go to
let's check in here
nothing's there yet
anything going on in the bookstore
[Music]
hello elise welcome sophie
are you reading again yes that's right
[Music]
hey i was wondering about this but why
do you like reading so much well i think
it's because you can experience worlds
that you don't know
some that you could never even imagine i
see
but i feel like you've read the same
books over and over again
even if it's the same book reading it at
different times can lead to different
impressions and thoughts
what do you mean if you read romance
novel will and love it can fuel your
passion
but when things aren't going well it can
hurt your feelings at the time of
reading can change your impressions of a
book like that
are you in love with someone that was
just hypothetical
oh i was a little excited for a moment
also when you read the same book two or
three times you can make new discoveries
oh i know that feeling it's especially
true for really difficult books
right i get it now
all right now let's see
let's check see if anyone else has a cut
scene for me
no you don't i'll see you
and do you have a cut scene for me
nope
[Music]
all right let's go back to the outlier
see we've passed 30 minutes here so go
ahead and end this episode for now
once again hope you enjoyed thanks for
watching and i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play out your
sophie my name's karsten
so we've learned some more things to
craft so let's craft them
what should i make
yes for stall metal we need more
raid and or of course probably should
have checked that first oh well
let's go to the blacksmith see if he has
any for sale
risk what do you buy
you have two this is one that's a deal
so i can make one stall medal
and i think something else i got an idea
for cloth so let's make some cloth real
quick too
[Music]
what material should i use i'm just
making this to make it
so i'm not too concerned about what i
use really which cauldron is best
okay then what this should go here
all right this is going well
yeah this is going great
[Music]
is this all right i'll finish it now now
what traits to transfer um
[Music]
all right so style metal i can make one
of these
anything else that i can make but
haven't yet i don't think so what
material should i use
[Music]
let's see
now let's go with critical
what size are these these are there and
that
so
[Music]
i want something that is
like that well that's high class tell us
when i only have one
uh that'll work which cauldron is best
okay then let's start
this should go i think something good
this is great
this is great oh no wait that's
which cauldron is best do we have
anything that is just plain
horizontal in this category
aside from that one
[Music]
[Applause]
just these is this really okay
um
[Music]
and we have anything other than
[Applause]
that would interfere even more
actually let's do that
is that which cauldron is back okay then
let's start this material goes here
this is great
okay let's do that
[Music]
i think something good will happen this
is great yeah
this is good
[Music]
you know what um
what was that one that is this
which cauldron is okay then let's start
[Music]
this material goes here actually what we
want to do
is for this
we'll pick one of those and then for
this we will pick that one
which cauldron is best okay then let's
start
and then what we'll do this is great
[Music]
yeah this is good this will do
that this is good i think something good
will happen
yeah and then that and that
is this really okay i don't think that
really matters for this though
should i add so pushes the target to
turn
back a little
yeah let's do skill power plus five this
is all done
[Music]
all right anything else don't think
there is
[Music]
now let's rest until
morning
[Music]
be right there
hello sophie excuse us
oh my god and atomi atomina
what do you need we just figured we'd
play around with you
no makelet we have a request for her we
did
i forgot um what kind of request is it
we want you to make this
what is this
it's an alchemy tool although we haven't
decided what to use it for yet
yes its use has yet to be decided
but we want to see it can you make it
for us
okay i understand i think i should be
able to make this
i'll give it a try thanks sophie we
should get going adamina
yes see you later sophie
those two make me feel strange but they
asked me to make some things so i'll
make it
receive gathering buddy
event important events listen to the
choose request
added learn how to make gathering gloves
oh yes please
[Music]
those help with gathering if they're
anything like
every other uh at least
hmm what to make we need to make
gathering gloves where were they
cutting gloves what materials to use
looks like that
and that given me the most
[Music]
and
don't think it matters much on the rest
though the shape of these might
[Music]
let's pick something like that
and
[Music]
[Applause]
something like
[Music]
is this good that
and let's see
[Music]
my
um
[Music]
we short by category value here
well that's a weird shape
[Music]
i'll just pick one of these i guess
which cauldron should i use
i want to increase yellow
[Music]
okay let's start
so we're going to be putting those
[Music]
so there what ends
which cultures when did i choose that
weird
shape for this um
we'll do that one is this good
and that no
is this which cauldron should i use okay
let's start
so what we want to do
i'll use this here put that there
[Applause]
that's what happens there
this one this looks good here
[Music]
and this here
hmm don't quite get more than gather a
little more
oh well it's probably about all i can do
with the materials i have right now
what traits to transfer
i don't think any of these will have any
effect on
is this okay
[Music]
is this okay okay we'll just do that
okay it's done i should deliver it to
my atomina wait now that i think about
it
i have no idea where those two are
who could that be yes i'll be right
there
hello sophie we figured the other just
finished it now here you go
whoa this is really well made it's quite
splendid isn't it mechlet
you're so young you're able to use
synthesis
you're able to synthesize things like
this you must be an amazing alchemist
sophie
oh no i'm not that amazing but you can
make awesome things like this
maybe we could make something like this
too if we tried
it doesn't work that way macle sophie
may be able to make things like this
but it's impossible for us yeah i guess
you're right
thanks sophie this is really interesting
see you later
wait a second you aren't going to take
it yes we couldn't think of any use for
it
you can use it as you see fit yep that's
right
anyway we'll see you again sometime
oh good huh those two are really strange
but i'm happy they praised me
and i'm happy i get to keep that item
[Music]
oh these go under explore items
wait so what does
[Music]
okay well heck if i'd known they go
under explore items i would have had
these equipped for a while
i'm not used to there being generic
explorer items like that
[Music]
so let's go to the street and to the
blacksmith
i want to use that metal
what weapon do you want to make to craft
a weapon
oh i can make lots of stuff um
okay first off
we need to go out to the street here
[Music]
and we need to get that stall metal on
duplicate
okay we need to register this
yeah okay first though
[Music]
in its place
then we will buy it
[Music]
and go back here
welcome what weapon do you want to make
we mainly need to craft a weapon for
carneria because we don't have anything
yet
oh that needs a lightning bomb too
interesting tell me which materials to
[Music]
use
hmm
consuming p minus 10 sounds really good
what does rainbow radiance do
increases price don't need that
what does eco skill do again
increases power by 700 reduces np chan
yeah
we need to get her eco skill
choose the traits you want to add
power eco skill do not need to increase
the price
[Music]
no that is not all right we want that is
this all right
all right it's done i think it turned
out well
[Music]
how's this i think it's fine i'll go
call corey
how is it it's good thank you very much
i was always wondering this but what
kind of weapon is that anyway
there's all kinds of stuff inside
wait inside
these are trick gauntlets you can't tell
at a glance
they have a lot of power they're really
interesting weapons
since they can take on various effects
depending on what's inside of them
i didn't know just let me know if you
have any new ideas
i'll try to make it work yes i'll come
to you when i think of something
okay yeah we definitely want to see her
fight
what what do you want to make also
craft something for
yeah we should be able to craft
something for him which materials to use
[Music]
we'll use this for right now
since he's kind of stupid strong
[Music]
drive another eco skill yeah i do
what do we have here what does increased
sharpness do
five percent additional damage and stuff
out yeah we'll do the increased
sharpness
[Music]
and
might do inflict slow
what does that do increase the skill
power by 10 and
yeah we'll do that
skill
is this all right we can only put three
on there
um in that case
we'll just put something on here that
has
[Music]
choose the trades since i can only do
three
[Music]
we will do that skill cost compress
and
eco skill
[Music]
and
yeah we'll do that the traits you want
to add
we'll do ecoskill increase sharpness and
cost compress that's
increase skill power by seven and reduce
np consumption
attack causes five percent more
increases skill power by five
all right it goes awesome i think it's
really good
[Music]
it's done sophie lodgey
are you okay yeah i'm fine
but sir julio's sword is really heavy
weight is an important factor for
increasing power
oh hello sir julio hello sophie
i see you asked lodgie to make me a
sword thank you
oh no you're always helping me when i go
gathering
it's the least i could do still
i know you want more power but is it
really necessary to make a sword this
large
wouldn't this slow down your movement
and attack speed
having a large weapon allows one to
confront multiple enemies alone at the
same time
also durability is more important than
speed
durability i see it would be a huge
problem with the night swordless break
exactly i think i'll be able to improve
my strength more with this too
just be sure not to overdo it if there's
any problem i'll fix it right away
thank you
all right now i should equip those
before i forget about it
and once the duplication is done i will
make some weapons for the other people
actually
you don't need to carry those around
since you're not in my party right now
[Music]
now you though you can carry around
some of these things
[Music]
and let's go to
the cafe and check out some requests
which request will you accept
puni jelly that looks interesting can't
make it yet but
ooh forgotten nursery they don't like
the flare demons
[Music]
those look really nasty
those look annoying don't even know
where those are
i'm not worried about those right now
i
[Music]
um
yeah i'll hold off on all those but
let's go to the world map
looks like we're all here for three
minutes we should depart soon
wait a minute there's going to be
someone else coming with us starting
today
hmm really
i'm sorry i'm late
dory you really are late i'm sorry
it took a while to prepare
um sophie is she the one coming with us
yeah this is corey my name is coronaria
it's nice to meet you um it's nice to
meet you too
oh so it was you ah oscar
hello you know her oscar
yeah she has a store near mine i go
there sometimes too
[Music]
are you looking for things to sell at
your store corn area yes
i figured i should widen the variety of
my merchandise
all right then i guess we need to work
extra hard
yes thank you very much
we should get going now okay
all right oh there's the edge of the map
where are we going next
but we have an an area over here
okay so we're now a little over 24
minutes and we got time to do a little
bit of gathering and fighting what is
this
now then let us begin
so what can you do
those are single targets
that hits almost all of them
[Music]
[Applause]
that also hits almost all of them
and that should hit all of them
actually most of those are really weak
uh
you will just attack the white route
[Music]
there's something dangerous
doesn't have as much xp into the level
that's odd
[Music]
now what do we have here
deluxe backpack can be synthesized yeah
i'm making that first chance i get
can i look at anything along this cabin
it doesn't seem like it all right let's
see if i can take
you out i can fight too
yeah i should be able to do this
oh yeah easy
wide open
[Music]
here i go how's this
and no problems at all
okay let's go back and check out these
other new areas
[Music]
um we will
stop by town just look over really
briefly
since i'm passing by anyway there's no
reason not to
step in and recover hps and drop things
off
actually that deluxe backpack
what does it need
needs more animal fur
okay well i will work on that
where are we going next
let's check out some of these areas
though
look over there
found a forest full of stumps sat down
had a fun chat hp recovered 10.
on your guard everyone this won't be
easy
okay
that is a very odd
attack ready pose
[Music]
that's yeah whatever canaria
well let's start using these skills
actually let's
we should actually focus on
that one
you should do slide
and you go ahead and hit braveheart on
[Music]
everyone
and you hit that one
that's really annoying and powerful
i'll be your opponent can you dodge this
oh i'm so sorry
[Music]
okay um
can you run
well done guess not
okay well that was oh i learned a recipe
okay um
i just want to real quick
[Music]
double check where i can get animal fur
[Applause]
and
those are
[Music]
okay now we're just going to go to
world map where are we going next
we're just gonna go to the farm here
and it's conveniently night so
we're going to beat this guy up a few
times and get a few more out for
[Music]
done already that was up
at least these guys are easy for me now
[Music]
okay hey okay hey
i can fight too
[Music]
now if these guys have just dropped the
animal fur that i need
done already that was underwhelming
oh i should have chroneria use her
skills
[Music]
okay okay i can fight too
in fact let's do that
new commercialist
kick
[Music]
oh unless that one was already from the
skill that one that i learned earlier i
don't know
how's this
and i don't remember if she got off the
attack before
or not
give this a try this will work
we've won
and now it's daytime
[Music]
okay now then let us begin
do some more things to pass the time
[Music]
i'll go
oh how convenient now you can do the uh
recover hp
oh that's cell phone light well
we'll do it anyway
we've won
and let's see it's early morning
we're back over here
you know i guess we could
walk back and forth outside that may all
right
where to
let's see check that hill
[Music]
you drop animal first
let's see we will have we will attack
uh that one
[Music]
and some aoes
the sword hit multiples yes this item is
really effective
[Music]
maintaining the offense
like really annoyingly tough
i think i'm going to lose
can't do anything can you
this isn't good
[Music]
trying to attack with items
really try to see if we can
kill these guys
[Music]
you know that was a waste of an item
how about this
[Music]
okay um
we should be able to do
[Music]
and i'm going to this really upset
if i don't get any animal fur out of
this trouble
[Music]
okay that was quite annoyingly tough
i don't want to go over there
[Music]
looks like i have to go all the way back
down to get to the exit of course you
can't jump down there
that's annoying to walk back and forth
let's do our best yeah uh no
let's run away
yeah we uh just grab that
and leave where can we go next
[Music]
we are going to run back to town because
that was
quite painful
[Music]
and i hope i have enough fur what should
i make
that next time we can
yep next time we will make a deluxe
backpack but for right now
i hope you enjoy thanks for watching and
i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play out later
sophie my name is carsten
let's get that backpack made shall we
go down to the deluxe backpack what
material should i use and i know
that the quality will decrease i don't
care it's gonna be
really useful to have this
um looks like fits a lot doesn't have
anything else in there so
i'm just gonna like throw in some items
here it doesn't really matter too much
at this point okay then let's start
[Music]
overlap with each other and i don't care
it doesn't really matter for right now
it's just a matter of having it
[Music]
is this really all right it's done level
up
all right so that's useful now
go into the equipment and definitely
want to
get that equipped
increases item capacity by 20. yes
very very useful
[Music]
i could try making that
investigating pond
[Music]
at the forgotten nursery hmm
dear from honey
[Applause]
that need to slay a black pony as well
those things were really annoying
all right let's try making that
misfortune thing
what materials to use
[Music]
[Applause]
um
[Music]
okay let's start okay so
if we
[Music]
yeah good
this isn't bad um
[Applause]
[Music]
this isn't bad and let's see
this is good
how about this
there i guess no
put this here yeah
this looks good this here
this isn't bad and then this here
[Music]
is this good inflict weakness large and
weak
to changes
yeah i should finish it it's good what
traits should i transfer
um
we'll give it a chance to crit all right
it's done
all right let's go to the
street and to the cafe and see if
there's any requests i should pick up
before i head out
which request will you i can turn that
in
[Music]
i can turn that in
i don't know where these are
welcome actually
welcome do you have any rumors
hmm
[Music]
i should probably pick up more of those
strawberries is that room
is that rumor is that
[Music]
and
i'm not sure about that moss
[Music]
is that a try thank you
okay we'll give those a try
back to the world map
[Music]
all right where to so we have
things to do here
[Music]
look over there
now here i think is the strawberries
right
[Music]
okay well that was quick and easy
i'm gonna fight you
okay i can fight too
that's gonna get an attack in first
regardless
yeah you knocked everyone back this turn
big deal
all right let's just head over to the
other area
before anything terrible happens
next steps we want to go up here
what could lp recover that's useful
and i don't even remember what it was
that was here
oh yeah it was the driftwood stuff it's
over there
okay now then let us begin
uh we are going to take on that fish
first because that thing
fish tend to have aoes
wide open hit
[Music]
here i go
but at least it wasn't that from
like on that black puny that completely
slaughtered everyone
why you here i got better
[Music]
i feel stronger i can apply this
experience to the future
the path ahead is still long
all right go over here and grab these
[Music]
okay so that's that
uh you well i was
aiming for the wolf but okay wide open
actually this is probably better anyway
i want to check out that other area
and hopefully not run into a horde of
black queens on the way
yes i'll go
done already if i do
i know the correct response to black
poonies is
run away
[Music]
where can we go now let's go here and i
really hope that is not more black
poonies
hey what's
[Music]
is that black foolish again that's black
pooties again on your guard
the correct response here is to run
[Music]
um i think i have to defeat those black
boonies to get over there
that's really annoying because i don't
know
how soon i'm going to be able to defeat
those guys
since it's nighttime here i may as well
fight the wolf a little bit
[Music]
maybe pick up some more fur which is
always useful i can fight too
hey here i go
leave it to me put up a fight
maybe get chroneria a level in a minute
hey okay okay okay now then
let us begin
done already i think cordelia needs to
do a self heal actually
all right probably one more here
[Music]
okay i can fight two
okay you attack you meditate
everyone else attack i'll open
my mind
[Music]
here i go
i think i will
[Music]
well i need to go back to what's our
destination
that one area again anyway
what was it called
[Music]
let's drop those off
uh let's check for requests
[Music]
uh hello
hello
[Music]
can i ask you a question sure what is it
you're a clothier right yeah that's
right
do i look like a nun or soldier to you
no you don't but
clothing you should make clothes using
cloth right
sounds about right so why do you make
things like armor using metal
i trained to do that at the last place i
worked what
really but making armor is a
blacksmith's job
normally yes but that shop's motto was
clothiers who only make clothes or third
rate
huh i don't really understand well let's
see
what would you think if you saw an
adventure going around wearing a fancy
dress
an adventure wearing a dress um i don't
think it would be suitable
yep that's right adventurers should wear
armor
that was just one example but each
person has an outfit that's most
suitable for them
you can only call yourself top rate
cloth here if you make armor and
accessories
that's how they operate i see
so that's why you train to make armor
too that's right
it's pretty tough back then i trained
every day at a stall much like this
but while i have complaints about it it
might have been the most fun i've had in
my life too
[Music]
all right now can we please check the
requests
[Music]
um
in here or something
[Music]
okay what do you have to say for
yourself
thank you very much as always thank you
too
for always supporting my shop how's this
year's selection
the flavors seem to be deeper and more
complex than usual
now that sounds enjoyable
hello ah sophie welcome sophie
mr horst are you delivering something
today yes i was delivering alcohol as a
courtesy gift
this year's turned out very well it
would seem god looked favorably upon us
alcohol huh what does it taste like
anyway
well that's difficult to explain
you'll understand when you're older
sophie adults are always like this it's
unfair
adults have their own troubles to worry
about for some alcohol
helps wash away the weariness of the day
kids get tired too
sophie's gotten pretty sharp i suppose
if doing proper work defines adulthood
then sophie's already grown up
that's right i'm working too so that
means it's okay for me to drink too
no you can't i'm not saying that because
i want a drink anyway
it's fine
[Music]
hello pamela why if it isn't sophie
welcome
wait just a minute i'm almost done uh
okay
sorry for the wait what do you need
today i was wondering if you had
anything good so i dropped by
are you busy well i have to take care of
the children and also finish some church
work
now that you mentioned it you're doing a
lot of work by yourself pamela
the priest has other important work to
do and not many people work at this
church so i can't help that
but the children helped me so it wasn't
that bad
um around when do you wake up every
morning let's see
maybe around when the sun comes up
that early i got used to it really fast
oh right you said you wanted something
i'll get everything ready
pamela sure is a hard worker i can learn
something from her
[Music]
does she even sleep isn't she a ghost
all right let's see um
let's go back in here oh good you're
back
i thought you not being there was a
loading error or something thank you for
coming sophie
which request will you accept yeah let's
turn in these i have a ton of them
[Music]
thank you um
yeah i know where they are
but i don't know when i'm going to be
able to beat them
i can turn in one of them
[Music]
thank you and i got a ton of these i can
turn in certainly
thank you
i need to get some more kefa those are
gathering of beasts and rocky groves so
i guess i'll go to the rocky grove
gather up a bunch of stuff
[Music]
may as well
i won't turn in now i will go out and
get stuff there first
[Music]
where can we go next
i'm gonna check now i'll check here and
then get the nursery on the way back
hey
[Music]
so we'll do some gathering here
my
[Music]
okay that should probably be enough
now then all right how tough are you
guys
79.54 all right i'm gonna take out the
poonies first
since they tend to have those really
annoying aoes
[Music]
leave it to me like that
okay poonie die
[Music]
why
is everyone uninjured we are victorious
all right and she had a level stronger
and taller
and asleep
[Music]
okay um now then
let us begin yeah i guess i'll fight
some more of these guys
[Music]
they're not too hard currently
here i go over here
yeah done already
that was underwhelming
all right now we'll go over
where should i pick up that idea there's
an idea from the fountain here right
refuel bottle can be synthesized
i'll just grab some stuff over here
okay hey beat up some of these guys
[Music]
yeah those guys are pretty trivial uh
let's check
all here i'm going to try one of you
guys again see how you are
it's not getting the strong enemy
warning
[Music]
yeah we'll do um
over here
that was kind of annoying they hardly
put up a fight
[Music]
another one of these evil cores
and we got
is that enough monochrome glasses can be
synthesized
all right
[Music]
okay just fight like we usually do
all right so you will
i'm still trying to figure out if i have
the thing for that umi bag if
what i need to do i've made one i guess
i need to keep using one
um yeah we'll do that
you just attack and
you
you're going after anyway regardless so
let's just do
yeah we'll just do a regular attack
should be
[Music]
this will fine this is a chance
over here we've won before i even
realized
all right
and a coat
so let's just go back here don't let
your guard down
we'll get through this
fight some trivial things along the way
[Music]
they hardly put up a fight
i'll just grab a few more things on the
way out
not that i am likely to run out of these
components anytime
soon but no reason not to
at least until my as long as i have room
in my pack
to the world map and then back to town
blessed forest
[Music]
just check in here real quick i forgot
what was in here
[Music]
yeah there's some unis and stuff
all right that's good enough where are
we going we need to spend a lot of time
there
huh 100 call
not going to complain about a 300 coal
[Music]
okay so we can make a refuel bottle
and we learned sylvelia
and monochrome glasses and
there done hey popta
how do you feel any changes
yes another memory has returned and
it's about the cauldron of knowledge
really you finally remembered that so
where's this cauldron unfortunately
it's not about its location but i can
remember what the cauldron
is oh right now that i think about it i
still have no idea exactly what the
cauldron of knowledge is
i told you before that we alchemists
help fulfill the wishes of the materials
we use
right oh yeah i remember that part at
least
the cauldron of knowledge is a device
that amplifies the power of those wishes
as a result it greatly reduces the power
the alchemist would normally have to
give to the materials
normally the process of giving power to
materials is determined by natural
ability
however using the cauldron of knowledge
one would be able to use alchemy without
such ability
[Music]
i don't really get it but you're saying
that the cauldron of knowledge allows
anyone to use alchemy
yes exactly and those who are already
capable of using alchemy
would be able to use even more advanced
techniques
i get it but why do you know so much
about this cauldron of knowledge anyway
it doesn't matter if you were an
alchemist in the past the cauldron
sounds more like it's just a legend
ah that question is easy to answer
i'm the one who created the cauldron of
knowledge it's only natural that i know
about it
what you made it yes
although i only just remembered wait
if you were able to make a device like
that maybe you were actually some
amazing person back then
i don't know but i think i really am an
amazing person
i guess you're not modest oh plopta
can i ask another question why did you
make the cauldron of knowledge
it sounds like such an amazing device
you must have had an equally amazing
reason for creating it
that's i don't know
i'm sorry i can't remember that yet i
see
that's too bad
and we learn more about new gathering
fields hopefully these ones aren't
guarded by black poonies
uh let's turn in those requests
though
welcome which request will you accept
[Music]
we can turn this in
thanks
and
[Music]
let's see
let's report this
thank you got some vouchers for that
now i can yeah i can do all these too
hang on
i guess most of these are most of what i
have is the good quality so we'll
just do that anyway
[Music]
thank you all right
got some of those turned in
um soil from the bottom of the sea that
sounds interesting
thank you very much
landslide prospector strand
i don't know where that is off the top
of my head
welcome
[Music]
let's just glance at the world map real
quick and see where that is
[Music]
all right where to and
that is over there
[Music]
okay well we will definitely be checking
that out in the next episode
oh yes
excuse me fritz wait i don't remember
telling you where my atlear was
i asked horst about it so you're not
gonna sophie
yes but she's just a hmm the novice
book how unusual you aren't surprised
seeing pluckta
do you know a lot about alchemy i don't
know a lot but i've traveled a lot
i've seen some strange things in my time
so i'm not easily surprised
i see by the way sophie
seeing how you're an alchemist i have a
request i'd like you to make something
for me
oh okay i don't mind what is it
it's string for use with dolls i need
special strings but can't find any in
this town
i'm a doll maker i also put on puppet
shows to make a living
not having strings is a matter of life
and death
i see i understand just leave it to me
sorry about that i know i'm asking a lot
but when you're finished can you bring
it to my house in old town
okay i'll bring it to you and thanks
i'll be going now
a puppet show huh i want to see fritz's
puppet show sometime
to do that first you'll need to make the
puppet strings properly
yeah i'll do my best
[Music]
receive puppeteer's tools
event fritz deliver the puppet thread
added
[Music]
red puppeteer's tools and got a huge
chunk of progress to the next memory
just tearing through those memory things
learn puppeteer string well we will
take a look at that along with that
gathering point
and potentially some other things in the
next episode
i hope you enjoy thanks for watching and
i will see you next time
[Music]
so
welcome back to let's play outlet or
sophie my name is karsten
as you saw i picked up the free dlc for
the additional map but apparently that
doesn't happen until post game
so let's see we had a few things we
needed to do if i
remember right has been a few days since
i played
we have a need to make the puppet string
and there's a few things we need to make
here
really need to sell 300 stuff to do that
there's a bunch of stuff we can make now
i still don't know idea from unibag
but i've made them and used them and
it's still not
i don't know what i need to do for that
idea from honey so i guess maybe i can
make some honey as well
[Music]
i'd eat it from cloth need to slay a
black puny that
it's gonna be tough
that i should be able to make it says
[Music]
and that
ammo trait size plus oh
idea from burg medicine
[Applause]
well let's go ahead and first of all
[Music]
okay what should i make make this
what material should i use
[Music]
and